[js] Add release notes for 1.53.1 (#640)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed Issues
-->
## 1.53.1 [Core Modules] - Jan 18, 2022

[GitHub](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/releases/tag/v1.53.1) | [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=%40sap-cloud-sdk)

### Improvements

- [generator] Update the version of `@sap/edm-converters` to make sure node 14 is supported.

### Fixed Issues

> - [core] Fix `OAuth2Password` auth type for the missing token in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed the missing token in the header issue for `OAuth2Password` authentication type.
```
